Add a hint on how to use `composer bin` (#13)
contao/skeleton-bundle: README.md

## Release

> To ernable the following run `composer update` and `composer bin all install` in your bundle's root.
> 
> Run the PHP-CS-Fixer and the unit test before you release your bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First make sure the tools are installed and up to date by running `composer bin all update` in your bundle's root.
Then run the PHP-CS-Fixer and the unit test before you release your bundle:
```

## Release

> First make sure the tools are installed and up to date by running `composer bin all update` in your bundle's root.
> Then run the PHP-CS-Fixer and the unit test before you release your bundle:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First make sure the tools are installed and up to date by running
`composer bin all update` in your bundle's root. Then run the PHP-CS-Fixer and
the unit test before you release your bundle:
```
